This help files contains guides on how to use some of the functions of Quirk Assist.
If there is anything that is still unclear, post on the forum thread, or pm me about it.

HOW TO USE A QUIRK
1. Run Quirk Assist

2. Click "use" over whatever quirk you want to be using. Use "More" and "Back"
to cycle through the visual list.

3. Begin typing somewhere. It will be typed in the quirk you have selected.

HOW TO STOP USING A QUIRK
1. Click the "Reset" button in the quirk assist window

HOW TO USE A PREFIX ( :33 <  )
--A prefix will be manually added when you press enter, but if you need
to add one for any other reason, pressing control will add it in.

HOW TO CREATE A CUSTOM QUIRK FILE
--Custom quirks are possible, but a little bit tricky to do. I've tried to make
the proccess as simple as possible, but it may take some experamentation
on your part. This guide will get you started though.

1. Run the program "QuirkEditor.exe"

2. Create your quirk using this program. There are a few options around,
and it may be a good idea to load up some of the canon quirks to look at
how they work. Other than that, I've tried to make it as self explanatory
as possible

3. Save the quirk in a location of your choosing. You can either use the
"Select File" button in Quirk Assist to use it, or follow the steps to add
it to the visual list.

HOW TO SELECT A QUIRK THAT IS NOT IN THE VISUAL LIST
--Some quirk files(probably ones you've made) are not listed in the visual
list because they have not been set up to(or improperly set up to). You can
still use these, but you have to follow these steps:

1. Click the "Select File" Button in the Quirk Assist window.

2. Find the quirk file(it will be in .txt format)

3. Open it up. You will now be using this quirk.


HOW TO ADD YOUR CUSTOM QUIRK TO THE VISUAL LIST
--Just creating a quirk and placing it somewhere will not automatically add
it to the visual list in the quirk assist window. Some steps will have to be taken

1. First, open up the "Quirks" folder.

2. In this folder, you'll see two other folders, "Canon" and "Fan". Open up "Fan"

3. Here, create a new folder. You can name it whatever you want, but it would
be prefferable to name it after whatever fan troll the quirk is for, just to keep
yourself organized.

4. Open up the folder you just made, and inside, you'll want to place an image
for your quirk. The image is how the program finds the quirk in these folders,
so for it to appear in the window, it needs an image. The image must be
150x200 in size, and PNG in format. If the image is the wrong size, it will
be resized by the program.

5. Finally, in the same folder as your image, place your quirk file. It should have
the same name as the image file, and it is case sensitive. With these two files next
to each other, you can now go and open Quirk Assist, and your quirk will be
one of the ones listed visually.

HOW TO USE QUICK SWITCH
--quick switch lets you switch between quirks quickly by pressing a shorcut key.

1. First, you must define the quick switch key, which will be either F9, F10, F11,
or F12. Define it by pressing this key.

2. You will be prompted to find the quirk file you want to be able to switch to
quickly. Find the .txt file that contains the quirk.

3. After you've selected this file, and have opened it, you can now press the key
you defined it as to switch to that quirk without having to go through the Quirk
Assist window.

4. It is also important to note that the F3 key acts as a quick switch to using no
quirk at all.

HOW TO CHANGE YOUR QUIRK ASSIST WINDOW SKIN
--The background image of the window is easily accessible, and can quicky be
changed into whatever you want to do with it.

1. Open the "img" folder

2. Inside will be a .png file named "Background". You can edit this file to your liking,
but be sure to keep the name "Background" and keep it in png format. Also,
keep in mind that the window is only 800x600 and anything outside that frame will
not be visible.